"Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears." – John Lennon
"As you get older, three things happen: The first is your memory goes, and I can't remember the other two." – Norman Wisdom
"My life is better with every year of living it." – Rachel Maddow
"Your birthday is the beginning of your own personal new year. Your first birthday was a beginning, and each new birthday is a chance to begin again, to start over, to take a new grip on life." – Wilfred Peterson
"A birthday is like a new year and my wish for you, is a great year full of happiness and sunshine!'– Catherine Pulsifer
"Birthdays are nature’s way of telling us to eat more cake." – Edward Morykwas
"Today is the oldest you have been, and the youngest you will ever be. Make the most of it!" – Nicky Gumbel
"We turn not older with years, but newer every day." – Emily Dickinson
"You can live to be a hundred if you give up all the things that make you want to live to be a hundred." – Woody Allen
"There are two great days in a person’s life–the day we are born and the day we discover why." – William Barclay
"Wisdom doesn’t necessarily come with age. Sometimes age just shows up all by itself." – Tom Wilson
"Because time itself is like a spiral, something special happens on your birthday each year: The same energy that God invested in you at birth is present once again." – Menachem Mendel Schneerson
"A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life." – Amit Kalantri
"Your age isn't you. Use today to feel your best, celebrate and be your very happiest." – M. Rivers
"A birthday is not a day to fear. It is a day to celebrate and look forward to the coming year." – Byron Pulsifer
"The old believe everything; the middle-aged suspect everything; the young know everything." – Oscar Wilde
"Birthdays are a great time to stop and appreciate gravity. Sure, it makes things sag as you get older, but it also keeps your cake from flying all over the room, so you don’t have to chase it." – Greg Tamblyn
"The way I see it, you should live every day like it's your birthday." – Paris Hilton
"If we could be twice young and twice old we could correct all our mistakes." – Euripides
"Each new year of life added to your past, changing the way you viewed every new day, influencing how you reacted to everything from the simplest daily routines to complex events touching you, your family, and the world you lived in." – Paul Snyder
"Why is a birthday cake the only food you can blow on and spit on and everybody rushes to get a piece?" – Bobby Kelton
"Put candles in a cake, it’s a birthday cake. Put candles in a pie, and somebody’s drunk in the kitchen." – Jim Gaffigan
"The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age." – Lucille Ball
"I still think of myself as I was 25 years ago. Then I look in a mirror and see an old bastard and I realize it’s me." – Dave Allen
"Just remember, once you’re over the hill you begin to pick up speed." – Charles Schulz
"How old would you be if you didn't know how old you are?" – Satchel Paige
"Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act." – Truman Capote
"Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana." – Groucho Marx
"Cherish all your happy moments; they make a fine cushion for an age." – Booth Tarkington
"Age is a case of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it don't matter." – Satchel Paige
"Whatever with the past has gone, the best is always yet to come." – Lucy Larcom
"Every age can be enchanting, provided you live within it." – Brigitte Bardot
"There is still no cure for the common birthday." – John Glenn
"The older you get the better you get, unless you are a banana." – Betty White
"You know you're getting old when you get that one candle on the cake. It's like, 'See if you can blow this out.'" – Jerry Seinfeld
"You take away all the other luxuries in life, and if you can make someone smile and laugh, you have given the most special gift: happiness." – Brad Garrett
